oh hey you're up high in a dorm room
yeah I folded your pants for you little
maybe you should switch to water
next time super helpful
don't be late feel parties name okay I
see happy birthday yeah look I know this
isn't gonna make any sense stop global
warming yeah I feel like I'm losing my
mind
you sneaky little happy birthday
I've already lived through this day
[Music]
so you can hear now is everything okay
assuming that I believe any of this is
even possible Frank where's Carl
the way I see you have unlimited amount
of lives unlimited opportunities to
solve their own murder so I'm supposed
to keep dying until I figure out who my
killer is you want to live to see
tomorrow right whoever's killing you
knows it's your birthday
pretty much the entire school is these
are signs of major torment you should be
dead you relive the same day over and
over again I just start to see who you
really are
[Applause]
Oh
look I know this isn't gonna make any
sense but I have already lived through
this day twice tree no no no believe me
you know it sounds totally crazy but
this is happening to me I swear to God
I'm sure it feels like you're okay okay
you made me a cupcake for my birthday
right you're about to give it to me and
then later on tonight there's a surprise
party who told you I said no no nobody
told me that's what I mean don't you see
I know what is going to happen before it
happens
okay I'm officially over this fine Nick
seriously Danielle's like freaking out
[Music]
[Applause]
I'm sorry I just wrap my brain around
this how's that going for you
the way I see it is is you have
unlimited amount of lives so you have
unlimited opportunities to solve your
own murder so I'm just supposed to keep
dying until I figure out who my killer
is that's your genius plan do you have a
better idea
[Music]
[Applause]
the hell tree oh my god I'm so sorry I
thought that you I am so so sorry I
don't mess with the kaepa oh hey
yeah you sneaky little
don't be late to your parties Nate tree
happy birthday hey yeah I know this
isn't gonna make any sense you sneaky
little happy birthday I've
already lived through this day you have
unlimited opportunities to solve a
murder okay so I'm supposed to keep
dying to figure out who my killer is
[Music]
my birthday my rules I'm ending this
[Applause]
[Music]
Oh